There is quite a lot to consider when we start
building deep learning algorithms for the health care system.
The exploratory data analysis that you did in lesson 2
gave you a sense of how to explore some key components of your data.
Now we want to learn how to translate that into an intuition of how to build our models.
One of the key intuitions you will start to develop here is
when and if you actually need deep learning for your applications.
If you find that you do need deep learning,
you'll also start to develop an intuition about how to efficiently build,
train, and/or fine-tune CNN architectures for your classification tasks.